docs(main): update css doc (#3730)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/guides/basic-features/css.mdx

`;
```

> When you need to dynamically set component styles based on the component's `props`, for example, the `primary` property of `props` is `true`, the button color is white, otherwise it is red, you can implement the code as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to dynamically set component styles based on the component's `props`, for example, the `primary` property of `props` is `true`, the button color is white, otherwise it is red, you can implement the code as follows:
```

`;
```

For more usage of styled-components, please refer to [styled-components official website](https://styled-components.com/).

Modern.js integrates Babel's [babel-plugin-styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/babel-plugin-styled-components) plugin internally, and you can configure the plugin through [tools.styledComponents](/configure/app/tools/styled-components).

> :::tip Tip

Reviewer: Usually no need to add "Tip"

```suggestion
:::tip
```

> If you need to use other CSS-in-JS libraries such as [styled-jsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-jsx) and [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/), you need to install the corresponding dependencies first. For specific usage, please refer to the official website of the corresponding library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use other CSS-in-JS libraries such as [styled-jsx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-jsx) and [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/), you need to install the corresponding dependencies first. For specific usage, please refer to the library's official website.
```

:::

## Using Tailwind CSS

> [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) is a CSS framework and design system based on Utility Class, which can quickly add common styles to components, and support flexible extension of theme styles. To use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) in Modern.js, just run `pnpm run new` in the project root directory and turn it on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) is a CSS framework and design system based on Utility Class, which can quickly add common styles to components, and support flexible extension of theme styles. To use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) in Modern.js, simply run `pnpm run new` in the project root directory and enable it.
```
